Add cloud code resolver example (#771)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/graphql/objects.md

  }
}
```

## Cloud Code Resolvers

If you need more control over how your mutations modify data than what Parse's auto-generated mutations can provide, Cloud Code functions can be used as custom resolvers.

For example, if you have classes named `Item` and `CartItem` in the schema, you can create an `addToCart` custom mutation that tests whether a specific item is already in the user's cart. If found, the cart item's quantity is incremented by one. If not, a new `CartItem` object is created.

The ability to branch your resolver logic in this way enables you to replicate functionality found in Parse's auto-generated `createCartItem` and `updateCartItem` mutations and combine those behaviors into a single custom resolver.

```sh
# schema.graphql
extend type Mutation {
  addToCart(id: ID!): CartItem! @resolve
}
```

> 

Reviewer: We need to show how to pass the schema into the ParseGraphQL Server, here developers can think that a simple `schema.graphql` at the root of the folder can do the job

Author: Agreed. I could use the example found in [this PR](https://github.com/parse-community/parse-server/pull/5821#issue-298733711). It's the code I used in my own project.

I'm hesitant to include the custom schema setup code in this section, as it seems to only be a related topic, and not quite this same one. Would it be okay for me to include the custom schema setup in the `Getting Started` section instead? If so, it could be inserted in one of a couple places:
1. In the `Using Express.Js` sub-section (mixed in with the other ParseServer setup code), or
2. Given its own sub-section named something like, `Adding Custom Schema` (I think I would prefer this method)

  // Query the user's current cart.
  const itemQuery = new Parse.Query("Item");
  const item = await itemQuery.get(itemObjectId);
  const cartItemQuery = new Parse.Query("CartItem");
  cartItemQuery.equalTo("item", item);
  cartItemQuery.equalTo("user", user);
  const [existingCartItem] = await cartItemQuery.find();
  let savedCartItem;

  if (existingCartItem) {
    // The item is found in the user's cart; increment its quantity.
    const quantity = await existingCartItem.get("quantity");
    existingCartItem.set("quantity", quantity + 1);
    savedCartItem = await existingCartItem.save();
  } else {
    // The item has not yet been added; create a new cartItem object.
    const CartItem = Parse.Object.extend("CartItem");
    const cartItem = new CartItem();
    savedCartItem = await cartItem.save({ quantity: 1, item, user });
  }

  // Encode the Parse objectId to a Relay Global Object Identification
  // (a special use-case base64 id string) for Parse GraphQL use.
  const concatObjectId = `CartItem:${savedCartItem.id}`;
  const cartItemId = Buffer.from(concatObjectId).toString("base64");

  // Convert to a JSON object to handle adding the base64 id property.

>   const cartItemJson = savedCartItem.toJSON();
>   Object.assign(cartItemJson, { id: cartItemId });
>   return cartItemJson;

Reviewer: What you think about ES6 shortcuts
```suggestion
// Convert to a JSON object to handle adding the base64 id property.
  return {...savedCartItem.toJSON(), id: cartItemId }
```

Author: Very nice. Thank you.

});
```

```js
// Header
{
  "X-Parse-Application-Id": "APPLICATION_ID",
  "X-Parse-Session-Token": "r:b0dfad1eeafa4425d9508f1c0a15c3fa"
}
```

```graphql
mutation addItemToCart {
  addToCart(id: "SXRlbTpEbDVjZmFWclRI") {
    id
    quantity
  }
}
```

The code above should resolve to something similar to this:

```js
// Response
{
  "data": {
    "addToCart": {
      "id": "Q2FydEl0ZW06akVVTHlGZnVpQw==",
      "quantity": 1
    }
  }
}
```

**Note:** The `id` is a [Relay Global Object Identification](https://facebook.github.io/relay/graphql/objectidentification.htm); it's **not** a Parse `objectId`. Most of the time the `Relay Node Id` is a `Base64` of the `ParseClass` and the `objectId`. Cloud code does not recognize this type of `id`, so it must be converted to a Parse `objectId` for use in Cloud Code function queries.

> 

Reviewer: To avoid some code like this
```
  const decoded = Buffer.from(id, "base64").toString();
  const itemObjectId = decoded.split(":")[1];
```

We need to inform developers that they can use `graphql-relay` lib.

May be add some reference about the graphql lib `graphql-relay` and the `const { type, id } = fromGlobalId(globalId);` method

Link: https://github.com/graphql/graphql-relay-js#object-identification
Lib: https://www.npmjs.com/package/graphql-relay

Author: Should I use my `Buffer` based code in the example, but add a text explanation and reference to the graphql lib as an optional solution, or should I dump the `Buffer` based code, use the graphql lib for the code example, and then reference the lib in the text?

With that lib available (thanks for mentioning it!) I personally would use it in my own projects, but there's something to be said for using code examples that are a bit more vanilla JS in the documentation too. Your preference?
